Our guys work hard in this lecture.
We're going to start due to the common screen.
Okay.
Now, what we can do is we can get rid of this.
It's our widget.
But before then, over here we can add the the comma and then use control to in.
And that's in the way this entire widget ends.
Okay, so now we can then get rid of it.
Okay.
Now the first widget we're going to be using is a widget known as Single Child Scroll view that the
reason for this widget is because we want to be able to scroll this page.
Okay.
Single child scrub you.
And the single task review has a property known as child.
The first child is going to be a size box, which is also similar, like that of the container.
Okay.
Now, what we can do is we can get the height and the width of our screen.
So to do that, we're going to need to see height.
And then that's again, the height of our screen.
We have the same media query that's of contest the size.
Dogs hides and as well we can get to eat off our screen by saying media.
Media query the lots of contest the size thoughts.
Weitz So by doing this, you're going to get the full height of our screen and the full width of our
screen.
Okay.
And now we can then use a child.
And the child is going to be a column widgets because we want all our widgets to be displayed.
Vertically.
That is from top to bottom.
And as you know, the column can take multiple widgets, see it as this student property.
Okay.
Now, the first chart is going to be an expanded widget.
In order for the next widget, we're going to be using to take the available space.
Okay.
Now, we're not just going to be having just one comment.
We're going to be having multiple comments.
So let's do this.
We're going to use something which is going to be similar to that of the following.
Not to do that.
We have a property in Florida known as Leased The View.
This view, the view there.
Okay.
The view the sick and something known as contest and as well you can specify it is a type of it contests
but most of the time you don't need to and as well it takes in the intense and as well you can specify
it is a type of ends and most of the time you don't also need to specify, okay, over here you can
then had this.
Okay, and now we can return something known as least sti.
Least stye.
Okay.
And over here, we can have a semicolon.
Now, the list has the property known as leading.
The list is going to be at the left side, and for deleted is going to be a circle avatar.
That is the user profile.
User profile image.
And.
The Sequoia Avatars, a property known as background color.
And for the broken color.
For now, we can see colours, dots.
Gray.
Okay.
The shade theory under it.
And as you know, it has the background image and this fits in network image for the now we can just
see a.
Profi.
For the.
Okay.
Now just Google.
Cross your apps and make sure you go to this and make sure you get you have all this all checked.
Okay.
So now all we can do is add the true value.
So let us know where it ends and where it starts.
Okay.
And use control.
And this is safe.
Okay.
Now the list Thai has.
We has the property.
Now we need to come out from this leading right here.
Okay.
It also has a property known as theta, which is going to be at the middle.
What we can do is, again, we can just check this out for us, like you can see.
Okay.
And.
There's going to be a test.
Okay.
What we can do is we can use zero widgets based on this, where you're going to see always in a row
widgets.
Okay.
The widget can take multiple kids.
So it's asked these children.
Okay.
Attitude coma is comprehensive.
The first child is going to be a test widget and is going to be for the user name.
We can say this.
You can see test.
Chess tie.
And you can see font size to.
It's in.
Okay.
Youth culture to save and check it out.
You can see.
Okay, great.
And as well what we can do within the RO gets NCA.
You can.
Then how did you come in have another test which is which is going to be for the comments.
Okay.
You can try this to save.
Here you're going to see over a year because this is a.
Okay.
What we can do is use this icebox.
Yes.
Icebergs.
And we can't see which we are given the space vertically.
Right.
This is going to be.
We can see it.
And how did you come to this conference to save.
Okay.
And.
We can give some sides of this.
And this is the big chess stay.
And color is going to be colors though red.
And we can as well change the fonts tweets.
Font size.
So is this 16?
Okay.
Is country in an effort to save.
You can see.
Now the list Thai has a property known as Subtype two, which is going to be to the middle.
Okay of this.
Okay.
So what's in the list?
I outside the room.
Right.
Okay.
Has the sub.
So try to.
For the subtitle is going to be a role as well.
Okay, children.
How did you come to use an associate?
Look for the first child.
Is going to be he's going to say dates.
Okay, original comment is contrary and excessive and good check.
Okay.
You can see.
And as well, because I just guess it's just it's tie.
The font size is going to be 15 and.
The caller is going to be callers quite like you can have chill come over here and as well.
How did you come around?
It sounds you right.
You can then have another test which is going to be for the like you can just sit and.
Likes.
Okay.
And you can say this.
You can say 12.
Okay.
Says Ty.
Font size of 12.
And we can't as well say.
Gets rid of this.
Okay.
CALLER?
No, because that's why it's.
Okay.
Great.
You going to sit over here?
Okay.
Now we can as well give this space sized bucks.
With the arguments theoretically of ten as well.
Okay.
We need to talk about the U.S. control in this.
Great.
Now that year, we need that love icon.
Okay.
Within the list tire as well.
We need to come out from the row within the list to see it as a property known as truly.
For the training.
This is going to be an icon widgets.
And it's going to be Icahn's thoughts favor.
Avery.
Okay.
I can only spell 12 and we can.
We can just use control as a save and check it out for us.
You can see it over at the right site.
Okay.
And.
We can then see color and colors.
Dutch red.
Okay.
Now, all we can do is we can check if we have some more data icon from the Cupertino.
But no.
I calls.
That's.
Save or.
Okay.
Let's check if some of the dogs are going to look more better.
No.
Doesn't change the fact that.
These control, see?
Okay.
Okay, guys, see you in the next lecture.